Hello tribe. Welcome back to another
interesting video.
insurance.
One of the best claim sets
and especially youngsters and families
health
insurance.
But wait,
Important.
Important thing.
Like
this is a place where you can grow in
business, career and finance. So
consider subscribing
insurance.
First claim settlement ratio. Health
insurance
ratio numbers which is almost 95% last
years
top private insurance
hospitals 9 years old
network hospital almost 120 hospital and
states
more than 460 plus hospitals and both
states major cities.
Next important factor
incredium
68%
important
compaint volumes
average
fashion financial servicesed
and
unfortunate
insurance
number 1.5
ratio 1.67 which shows decent financial
stability
and personally I would like to give a sh
features and conditions.
Active fit series, active one series and
active health series. Acts
and then active one series
wide range of people
and then active health series
most popular and useful deterred
almost
unlimited restoration benefit
amount.
And then coming to no claim bonus%
100%
and both pre and post hospital expenses
and then coming to dayare treatments and
useful other important benefits
and health
Every year one free check
and we'll return
fitness devices.
So active days
active days whole year 275 Active
30%
acts
up to 50%
up to 100%
active
10,000 steps.
300 calories.
[Music]
In case 13 days, 275 days or 325 Targets
daily active lifestyle
health insurancees
up to 3 years waiting period and
mentioned up to years
except for one feature.
So active plus
delivery up to 40,000
and then C up to 60,000
and delivery related medic
and post expenses
up to 60,000
major two plans.
Maternity
series
adds
important variants
one next one max one max plus active one
VIP and VIP plus five
offer features and
premium payments.
And coming to no claim bonus 100%
next
and max
up to 20ak.
like home care treatment, dayare, pre
and post hospitalization and health
checkups and health%
healthc
Care treatments ambulances
active variant
and maxim
VIP and VIP Max
VIP and VIP
VIP and VIP%
VIP and VIP plus
India and Canadaity
VIP and VIP
focus
like youngsters
perfect.
You can book a free call with insurance.
is one of the highest rated insurance
advisory platform
insurance.
Unfortunate hospital
already existing
insurance.
They can help you.
Now we'll jump into most important part
of the video comparison.
So
top and most popular
settlements, network hospitals,
complaint volume, ICR, insolveny ratio,
other plans comparing
claim set
topf
and top two and average complaint volume
and second
volume
[Applause]
in HDFC
insurance
and restoration and no claim
and room related
and important consumable cover.
And then coming to advanced treatment
like cancer, any other modern diseases
and waiting periods.
And last thing, always be honest.
existing
investigity
and even HDFC related.
Health insurance
in case
before
So pregnancy
related
and we'll
60,000 or 40,000
60,000
four years 60 or 80,000 addium
Hope this is helpful. Now let's jump to
pros and consible
payment options and
disadvantages.
Unfortunately,
and then volume of complaints,
self-inflicted,
alcohol or other things,
infertility treatments related
Congenital disorders, cosmetic
surgeries, dental vision and hearing
related
or experimental treatments
performance.
So normal health insurance
market one of the best
health and term insurance premiums
GS
[Applause]
As you can book a freeto
comment section.
interesting. Till then, bye-bye. Take
care.
[Music]